Adding business continuity page to docs (#6392)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/compliance/business-continuity.md

---
title: Business continuity and disaster recovery procedures
summary: Particular Software business continuity and disaster recovery procedures
reviewed: 2024-01-10
---

This document describes Particular Software business continuity and disaster recovery procedures.

## Business continuity

> - Our company and processes are set up in such a way that continuity is inherent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The company and processes are set up in such a way that continuity is inherent.
```

> - We have a globally distributed team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The company has a globally distributed team.
```

- All processes are thoroughly documented and repeatable.

> - Due to our setup, no material change can have any significant impact on our business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a result of the company structure, no material change can have any significant impact on the business.
```

> - All of our processes have business continuity baked into them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All processes have business continuity baked into them.
```

## Disaster recovery

> - All our software and services have multiple backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All software and services have multiple backups.
```

> - We make sure that all third party dependencies have a manual backup procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All third party dependencies have a manual backup procedure.
```
